## Scale & Savor Design Changes Over Time

### Backend Concept Changes

*   **Redundant Concepts:** Some original concept ideas like my initial `Ingredient` concept would have been simply a database and was ultimately removed. After this realization I was careful to make each concept something that had substantial actions associated with it.
*   **Structural Changes:** I also separated each concept in my application. Initially most of the application was based off of the `RecipeScaler`, but I changed this to simply store each scaled recipe instance and the actions associated with scaling. From this initial concept I also made a new `Recipe` concept that held the representation of a base recipe associated with each user to allow for easier lookups of specific recipes.
*   **Sync Updates:** The syncs in my initial design were very rudimentary. The core sync of automatically generating cooking tips when scaling recipes using AI still exists and create various tips for each recipe scaled using AI. In addition, the critical actions of my application now have syncs that authenticate each user before they make a change like adding, removing, or scaling recipes.
*   **Simplification of Steps:** The initial design of the application required a lot of upfront information from the user when inputting recipes. The new design of the application goes with the actual process of cooking where you can pick up and put down the app at any moment. This flexibility allows a user to enter a recipe and not come back to it until they are ready to scale.
*   **Scaled Recipe Instances:** The change to `RecipeScaler` that made each scaled recipe an instance also allowed for added flexibility. When preparing to cook, the number of users can always change and the ability to scale recipes to different target servings allows for this flexibility.
*   **Less Strictness:** Removing the database concept `Ingredient`, reduces the strictness of the original design. Initially, each ingredient would be added to a database with scaling context for the LLM. This was ultimately removed to allow for more generalization as the same ingredient might get scaled very differently depending on how it is used in the recipe.
*   **User Authentication:** The addition of this concept was a major oversight in the initial design. This concept not only allows for multiple users to have different recipe databases but also allows more flexibility for one user to come and go when they please as long as they have their credentials. Although this application doesn't store the most sensitive data, it makes sure to keep secure the data that it does have.

### Front End Changes

[Initial Design](./../InitialDesign.png) \
[Final Design](./../FinalDesign.png)

*   **Web vs Mobile:** The current version of the application is only designed as a web application. When designing each part of the front end I made sure to not include any features that would not work equally as well on a mobile application. The fact that most information is displayed on tiles that are able to be moved around allows for flexibility of the interface. This allows for the application to be deployed both on the web and mobile devices.
*   **Color Palette:** After much research, the final color palette includes colors that are warm and clean, invoking a fresh plate of food. These are present throughout the application and highlight important information on each screen. This is a move away from the initial design that had a more modern look to the interface. Although the app is still very modern and professional, it combines this feeling with the colors to showcase what the core of the app is about: Recipes.
*   **Moving Automation:** Most logic was stored in the front end for the last assignment. This assignment moved additional logic to the backend and set up a method for offloading complex logic from the front end of the application. This allows for more security so not all api endpoints are directly accessible from the user-facing front end.