## Reflection

* **Creativity:** In today's virtual world it can feel like everything is already done. The first major challenge was coming up with an idea that was both creative and didn't already have a solution. Everybody has their own unique experiences though, and I leveraged this to be able to find an idea for my project that would help me in my own life.
* **Continuous Development:** One part of this process that was difficult was worrying about what specific actions were necessary while designing each concept. Feeling like I had to continue with the concept actions I had initially designed was a mistake that I would solve by making my concepts more scalable in the future and allowing myself to go back and create new concepts if necessary.
* **New Tools:** Something I had never used before was MongoDB. This was a challenge since I had no previous experience with this specific tool, but I feel I gained a new skill that I can apply with other database systems. Using this database system was exciting but while using it, I realized there was still a lot I could learn about MongoDB and databases in general. Similarly with Render, I began using this tool with no prior experience. I had many issues initially deploying my already working app so I was able to learn a lot about the tool initially, but I realized that it is very powerful and I have a lot to learn from it.
* **LLM use while Designing:** The context tool was a great way to begin designing my concepts. The ability to have a conversation with the tool while feeding it exactly what I wanted as context, allowed me to initially design effective concepts. Context specifically worked well here because I was able to tweak the output it gave me. Later in the project I began to utilize Cursor. Cursor was more helpful once I had my concrete set of concepts that I wanted to build a whole application from. Building the entire front end from scratch would have required a lot more mindless work that Cursor was able to do instantly for me. Hopping between Context to iterate on my concepts and Cursor to implement these changes across the application allowed me to maintain full control of my application while coding efficiently. I would say that LLMs have a big role to play specifically in the denser parts of coding and a more assistive role when designing from a higher level.